Rose is a point of contention for Ilya.

He'd made it known a few times before, but even after marrying Shane, after laying that final stake of claim, Ilya still carries the soreness of what his husband once shared with her. The Russian grunts when she's mentioned, rolls his eyes when she appears on screen, downright ignores her when she's around—and lately, that when is often. That *when* is now.

"Rose is arriving early, first, she—"

Shane says it too easily, too casually, like Rose Landry's name is just another word in his vocabulary and not the splinter that's been lodged under Ilya's skin for years. He knows better, or by now definitely should. Shane knows Ilya tolerates Rose for his sake alone, swallows his bile every time she breezes into their lives like she belongs there, and still Shane drops her name like this, like it costs him nothing.

If Shane wants to pretend Ilya's feelings on the matter don't exist, Ilya plans to remind him. He knows exactly what face to make, exactly what sound will force Shane to stop and see him. It's a small cruelty, maybe, but Shane invited it.

He releases a tortured groan, skating his fists across the kitchen countertop. Shane scowls at him, nose wrinkling and forcing some of his freckles to collide,

"Ilya, don't be immature." he snaps, and Ilya turns his body away from Shane, but keeps his head facing his husband,

"I am not." he shrugs then asks, "And *why* does she come early and first? You said sex with her was a—"

Shane groans even louder than Ilya had, "Can you not be an asshole please? She's fully aware that you dislike her and it gets uncomfortable for her."

Ilya looks at the fridge instead of his lover.

Rose will arrive first and then Hayden shortly after, he's sure because that's normally how things went with Shane. His husband is a creature of habit, a monk with a routine, a well-to-do Canadian and most importantly, the son of Yuna Hollander. The same Yuna Hollander whom he adored equally as much as his own mother, and the same who suggested this damn fiasco. It was their first Halloween as a couple and so why not throw a Halloween party, but no not just any Halloween party... one with an a-list invitation list of athletes and movie stars.

"You don't think it is strange to be with ex-girlfriend all the time?"

"You're jealous of the woman who figured out I was gay before I did. She handed me to you, Ilya."

Ilya's aware both that Rose Landry made him self reflect, and that it had been at the cost of their relationship. He understands that but *still.*

He can't shake the dread of seeing the headlines, see his beautiful boys face plastered site to site with Rose-fucking-Landry grinning like the thieving little minx she was. It couldn't matter less how they met, under what circumstances, or how they ended. Ilya had nearly lost him to her and the feelings from that had never faded, Ilya wasn't even sure if he could make them if he wanted to.

Of course he was writing off his own offenses, but his had been earnest. Had Shane's?

"You picked her. Even if you failed, you tried, with *her.*" Ilya hisses, eyes stuck on the granite before finally finding Shane's.

"I never picked anyone over you."

"Ilya... we, I mean I—"

There's an unfortunately familiar rapping on the cottage's front door and Ilya takes it as an out,

"Go ahead. I'll be in your room."

"No," Shane meets him at the end of the island, "No, wait."

He captures Ilya at the cuff of his quarter zip's sleeve, pulling gently and guiding him to the front door alongside him.

"Hollander don't do this, I don't want—"

"Don't say anything right now we need to talk."

"We can talk after—" Shane's hand finds the handle of the front door and he pulls it open slowly to turn up to his husband, hissing a loud shushing sound that Ilya ignores entirely,
"—your ex leaves and you want to pretend that I exist again."

"Hello Ilya!" Rose quips, eyes shining, face tearing into a giggly, girly grin when she sees Shane.

She's terrifyingly bold, this American woman, Ilya can't stand her little snarky attitude, her charming personality, and her twinkling eyes. She's perceptive and observant and patient. His female counterpart if Svetlana had never existed.

"Hello Rose Landry." Ilya responds; he looks at her from the corner of his eyes while behind Shane, childishly refusing to acknowledge her anymore than that.

Shane drops Ilya's sleeve to pull Rose into a hug, and she's the only one besides Ilya who he reaches for like that.

His mood sours and curdles as the two of them make sidebar while Ilya stands behind Shane like a fucking pet until finally his man says:

"I just need a moment with him really quick."

Rose nods, but not before looking up at Ilya in the face, then back at Shane, "He looks mad. Girl-mergency?"

*Of course I am mad,* Ilya thinks, *would seeing your man's ex every month not infuriate you Rose Landry?*

"Yes." Shane grabs Ilya's sleeve again, "Just, y'know."

He stammers, *blushes* for her, Ilya can't help clicking his tongue and they both look up at him; her eyes full of wonder and Shane's brimming with irritation.

Shane attempts to continue, casually speaking around Ilya's very discerned presence, "What we talked about last time?"

"Which last time?"

Ilya attempts to pull his arm back and Shane yanks it upwards then intertwines their fingers, "Coffee, Rose."

She blinks innocently, "Want me to watch you make it?"

Shane blushes even *harder.*

What the fuck does that even mean?

"I'm in no mood for coffee." Ilya snaps.

Rose Landry's head twist up to face him, "No, you're actually always in the mood for coffee."

Ilya loses his patience entirely, he turns on his heel and begins the trek back to Shane's bedroom all while taking his husband with him because he refuses to let go of his hand. Of course this is fine, he should come with Ilya anyway, he should leave her there in their living room. She can sit there until the party hours from now, sit there and realize Shane's time is Ilya's and he was planning on wasting as much of her time with Shane as he could.

"Can I show you something?" Shane says when they pass the bedroom door threshold,

"Is it Rose Landry?"

"No, asshole."

Ilya watches Shane disappear into the closet as he settles himself on the edge of the bed, after a few minutes he finds himself staring at the bedroom door still wide open. He considers closing it and his brain does the opposite, it opens as wide as it damn can.

He remembers, once, when Svetlana told him about a man she was seeing, a man whom she fancied. He'd listened that time as she rambled because it wasn't often that Svetlana grew attached to men. Men were akin to cats for Svetlana; they were often around, and she liked to watch them, pet them if they let her, but she didn't need to own them to have them. There were so many around what would be the point?

She had twisted up her face in disgust telling Ilya about how aforementioned male had attempted to leash her with emotions and jealousy. He stuck around long enough to sponge information about Svettie only to try and ensnare her in perceived weaknesses. That man had been manipulative, and upon the recollection Ilya's jealousy and love collide like two household chemicals that make him lightheaded while cleaning.

His spite is valid, no? His therapist tells him all of his feelings are real and that they matter, that he should be loud about them, that he should navigate things that make him feel ways he doesn't want to with those emotions in mind.

Svetlana didn't need to own the men she loved; she could admire them from a distance, enjoy them when they were near, and release them without bleeding. But Ilya needs to own Shane. He needs it like oxygen, like his next heartbeat, like a feral dog starving over a plate full of food, that never learned how to share. What does that say about him? What kind of man can love without greed?

He wonders now, sitting on Shane's bed with Shane's ex-girlfriend making herself comfortable somewhere in the house, if Svetlana would recognize that same man she loathed in him.

He's still staring at the open door when he hears Shane behind him.

"Look Ilya,"

And there he is, the object of his affection, swimming in one of Ilya's Boston jerseys, barelegged and blushing, rubbing his pretty toes over each other on plush carpet with the lake behind him. It's sickening how quickly his dick hardens at the sight and how sluggishly his brain processes the fact that he's never seen Shane in one of his jerseys. Shane spins slowly and awkwardly in his Shane way and Ilya is entirely hardened as *Rosanov* clears his sight and is replaced by his husbands big brown eyes once more,

"Happy Halloween!"

He's fucking adorable. Ilya isn't sure if he wants to press Shane up against the door and fuck him until he's all doe-eyed and soft the rest of night, or have him to ride Ilya like the well-bred stallion he was while holding the jersey over his cock like a dress. Maybe make him sit on his knees with his hands in his lap with the sleeves of Ilya's jersey only allowing his the last of his knuckles to be seen against his thighs.

Ilya clears his throat and only stupidly manages: "You will wear pants?"

"I am, you clown," Shane lifts up the jersey, "see?"

Ah. So he is, but they're those slutty little short inseam shorts, or however he called them once before, and they're all but obscured by the jersey.

"Oh Sweetheart," Ilya begins, "I have a surprise for you too..."

He stands and steps around his husband, circling him once, twice, slowly, and then backing him into the wall to the left of the door. The open door. Ilya winks at Shane, turning his back entirely knowing he won't move; Shane's obedient in the bedroom before most things, on most days. He takes his time carving out a path to the bedside table, then pulls it open while tapping his chin.

*This* he marvels, is now the perfect time to participate in debauchery that Shane would've surely shut down the moment it had been brought up.

Inside of their bedside table is a shoebox sized container housing a faux vagina that had been gifted to Ilya by a friend of Ryan Price's boyfriend, Fabian. He recalls the moment the smaller male had passed it along to him with sharp eyes and a slick grin,

*"Sometimes Shane seems like he needs to loosen up on both ends. Consider this, won't you? I don't need it."* Fabian had suggested, and Ilya of course, couldn't pass up on the offer:

*"You're too kind Fabian."* he'd answered, grinning like a fool.

He'd opened it just a few days ago after fighting the curiosity until it had kept him from sleeping.

"Ilya we should get going, Rose is in the living room and—"

Ilya snorts, "No, Rose is right here."

He makes quick work of unboxing the flesh light and squirting enough lube in it that it leaks out the side and over his hand after he feels there's enough for a warm welcome.

Shane clears his throat, "What do you mean?"

"Face the door Shane."

"Ily—"

"Mmm, no," Ilya inhales, and peeks over his shoulder at a quivering bottom lip, "Face the door Shane."

Shane does, albeit slowly.

"Rose is still here Ilya."

Ilya manages an eye roll that leaves his head aching, "I'm aware Sweetheart."

He shadows Shane from behind, pressing his body up against his husband's enough that Ilya hears the smallest of gasps escape through his lips as he begins to speak again,

"Look, Rose can be out there and here at the same time." he presses the flesh light up against Shane's cock, and his tip glides against its folds, "What do you think."

Shane's body language is always such a goddamn give away; Ilya can read his nerves like a fucking news article. He's shaking like a leaf, in a way Ilya hadn't seen him since their first night together so many years ago and that *excites* him. His hands wrap around Ilya's wrist tight and when the blonde drops his head to Shane's shoulder, he can soak in the small whimpers that escape him before he speaks,

"I—I don't know about this Ilya,"

Ilya only responds with a soft sigh, then he rubs the wetted lips of the flesh light against Shane's tip, "Do you want me to stop?"

Shane's hip buck back, driving his plush ass into Ilya's erection.

"No, but I..."

He sucks in another quick breath and Ilya leans over him more, looming now to get a proper look at Shane's face as the words shake out of him in a light stammer, "I'm nervous."

"Why? Because Rose might hear?"

Shane's a sucker for public appearances. But he's a pervert and a slut and a freak all the same as Ilya. Teasing him like this might be a tad bit too cruel, but Ilya is willing to test the boundary here.

"No,"

Shane pushes the flesh light away from his cock with Ilya's wrist, "I can't do it right." he mutters.

"Can't do what right?" Ilya doesn't budge, but he breaks the contact between silicon and Shane,

"I can't have sex with women properly. It never goes well. I don't want to... mess it up."

The admission twists a knife in Ilya's chest; he still wants to do this though, so he changes his approach, toning down the sarcasm and replacing it with smoldering encouragement.

"Is not woman. Just a toy, just *Rose.*"

"Rose isn't a toy."

Ilya kiss the hinge of his husband's jaw, "Yes she is. Look at her."

He runs Shane's tip along the folds of the flesh light again, watching with him and the slit of his cock glides along the fake skin, they listen to squelching sound it makes and Shane's breath hitches before he jerks against Ilya again,

"Not real woman, you don't need to worry about performance with Rose," he licks under Shane's earlobe, then nips at him there, "she'll like whatever you do and besides, I want to watch."

Shane fucking *moans* and bucks against it, "Rose is still—"

Yes. Fucking Rose.

"Rose Landry?" Ilya belts out after turning his gentle embrace into a vice grip around Shane's biceps and torso.

There's hesitant footsteps in the distance, then:

"Yes?"

Shane almost collapses, but Ilya forces him to stand, tightening his grip even more. He wonders momentarily if Shane also thinks she sounded a tad bit closer than the living room,

"*Ilya,* Ilya no, *please!*" Shane begs, pointlessly squirming against his.

"We will need a moment, you can wait yes?"

Shane stops fretting enough to hear her answer,

"Party isn't until two hours!"

Ilya sighs then sets his mouth right against the shell of Shane's ear, "We don't need two hours do we?"

"Ilya I can't do this," Shane's breathing turns into crazed pants, but he takes the flesh light from Ilya when it's shoved into his palms,

"Yes you can." He growls while his fingers dig into the waistband of Shane's shorts to pull them down, "You can do her while I do you Shane. Let me see it."

"I—"

Ilya groans, kissing Shane's nape and unfurling his own cock from his sweat pants and rubbing it against the crack of his ass, "Look Shane, just hold her, you know what they like; the feeling of you hard and hot against her. Just enough to spread her open. Tease with the tip, *do it.*"

Shane's whole body with trembling and he looks up at Ilya with eyes the same color as the English Breakfast tea that he enjoys so much, they're glistening saucers of anxiety and lust and desperation,

"Ilya please," he fucking whimpers, grinding against him instead of the flesh light, "please just fuck me."

"No, not that way Shane," he digs his fingers into Shane's hips and ruts against him, "like this,"

He thrusts against him a few times while shoving his face into Shane's hair, edging himself against the smooth skin of his ass before straightening up and placing his hands over Shane's,

"Like this, okay?"

Together he guides Shane, running the flesh light against his cock, "Make sure your cock touches her clit the whole time, she likes that."

Shane shakes so roughly that Ilya slows down, waiting for sign or approval before going further and nearly cums when Shane rubs his head against Ilya's scruffy jaw,

"Okay." he manages, "can you hold it?"

Ilya's body feels like it's on fucking fire suddenly and he rewards Shane for his bravery with compliance. Their hands swap positions again and Shane places his smaller ones over Ilya's huge ones,

"After you rub her you go in slow, because you are big and don't want to hurt her."

Shane scoffs, but its more like a moan, "I'm not as big as you,"

"Doesn't matter." Ilya chides, eyes narrowing, "Go ahead put it in."

Shane's head drops against his chest, "You first."  
